{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3D PRINTER README\
\
This document explains the process to initiate the Ender V3 - 2 printer and activate its signal collection protocol.\
\
1) To begin, plug the 3D printer in, and press the switch button located on the back of the printer to power it on. The screen should begin to turn on.\
\
2) In order to run the specific commands on the 3D printer, a gcode file will have to be provided to the printer. Gcode is the language that 3D printers use for commands. The specific Gcode for this project has been provided in the folder containing this readme document.\
\
3) Plug the provided USB in, and drag the Gcode file into the USB drive. Make sure that the microSD card is also connected into the USB, which has a slot specific for microSD cards.\
\
4) Once the import is successful, eject the USB drive containing the microSD card, and remove the microSD card from the USB stick.\
\
5) Locate the microSD slot on the front side of the 3D printer. It is a small slot near the bottom left of the front side of the 3D printer, and insert it. \
\
6) Mount the antenna to the yellow bracket so that the black tip of the antenna is facing down towards the bed of the 3D Printer, and place the receiver directly on the center of the bed. The bracket requires no adhesive or extra material, simply insert the antenna through the slots. \
\
7) Locate the screen of the 3D printer on the right, then use the knob connected to the screen to browse the menu of the 3D printer. Naviate to the print screen and press on the knob. Then proceed to locate the gcode file that you imported earlier to the microSD and again click with the knob. This should active the printer and it will begin to move. \
\
8) To pause or stop the protocol, click pause or end on the screen attached to the 3D printer.\
}